Let us also take a moment
to remember our comrade.
who we believe has fallen foul of
the hands of criminal elements he
bravely took on.
Think Nidge knows more than
he's saying?
Well he was the last one you
seen your da with.
I want to be straight
with you.
I want to knock this on the head.
No big deal.
I asked you to bring her home safely.
What did I say to you?  Yeah.
Is he going to be okay?
They don't know.
You're making a show of yourself
Darren. It's all too much. man.
I'm really scared Emma.
I don't know what to do.
You could always go to the cops.
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
How is he?
You're a fuckin' animal.
You know that Nidge?
What the fuck did you do to him?
He's got a broken nose.
two broken eye sockets.
The doctor had to operate
to get a blood clot out.
A couple of broken ribs and
a fractured skull.
A fractured skull. Nidge.
He had emergency surgery and
if he ever comes out of the coma
they'll have to put a plate
in his cheek.
Will he come out of it.
do you think?
Do they not know?
Does Siobhan know?
Does Siobhan know what?
That Tommy might end up a
vegetable or that you did it?
I let myself down.
Do you reckon'!
Darren. give us a break!
How long have you known me?
When have I ever fucked up like that?
That mad one was like a witch getting
into my head. like fuckin' voodoo or
something.
Yeah. it's all her fault for
having a pair of tits.
I said it was a mistake.
Don't say anything to Siobhan.
You and your cock Nidge.
The little fella doesn't get what
he wants and somebody gets hurt.
What are you talking about?
If I'm not being arrested
then why can't I leave?
Am I under arrest?
No. of course not Donna.
You're free to go to any stage.
I just don't want any hassle.
I don't know what I was
thinking coming here.
You're not recording this.
are you?
We have to record it.
Look. I don't know who raped
her for sure.
You don't understand.
I do understand.
This isn't a formal interview.
So I can go any time I want?
You reported a serious crime.
We're obliged to look into it.
I told yis I was told I'd have
acid thrown in my face.
I shouldn't have said anything.
We can't investigate if you
don't tell us who made the threat.
I want to go home.
I don't want to say now.
You did say you thought it
might've been Nidge.
I know I said I thought it might've
been but I was thinking about it
and he was at her birthday.
She was hugging him and everything.
If something had happened she
wouldn't have been like that
with him.
If he had done anything.
That's just what I was thinking.
Why do you think Nidge
might've been involved?
Was it Nidge who threatened you?
Do you want to get who raped
Siobhan?
Look. I don't know who done it.
All I know is she's fucked up
about it.  That's all I know.
And that it happened on Paddy's
night.
Where did it happen on Paddy's
night?
I was trying to call you on
your phone.
Heap of shit. It's fuckin'
dead again.
Here.  Get yourself a new one.
What's that for?
That's for you.  What are
you giving it to me for?
Look.  How much is in that?
A couple of grand.
Did you rob it?  No I fuckin'
didn't. I earned it.
Paddy. where did he get the money?
It's compo money.
Government redress board for
that time. remember.
Yis are not winding me up.
are yis?
20 fuckin' grand they gave me.
20 grand!
Come on.  We better head.
What are you going to do with it?
We're going to have a fuckin' party.
That's what we're going to do.
Tell me ma I've a couple of grand
for her if she comes to The Blacker
tonight.
You can invite your boyfriend
as well if you want.
Fuck off.  What are you talking
about?
The picture of yer man on your
phone you're always looking at.
She thinks we don't know.
Is he gorgeous?!
I feel so guilty.  Why?
Because..
They don't know who did it to him?
It's not fair.
What am I going to do Darren?
Do you want to stay here?
I don't know. I don't want to
be in the way.
I'd prefer if you were here.
Yeah. okay.
I'll stay for a few days.
Doesn't make sense. does it?
Doesn't sound like Nidge.
It's not his form.
But could he have?
It's not likely but he could've.
No. we'd have heard. She'd have
told somebody. then there'd be war.
He'd have known about it if
it was Nidge.
It's totally implausible. isn't it.
The Tommy fella's in hospital
for a severe beating.
Maybe it was him got heavy.
Then what's Nidge doing threatening
the friend?
What. do you think her partner
raped her?
Tommy.  No. not a chance.
It's not in him.  I've arrested
him loads of times.
He's decent enough.
So this is Nidge with Daniel
Loughman last Sunday.
Yeah. That's them.
When did you say this happened.
the rape?
Paddy's Day.
Fuck.
That's the same night Git Loughman
was last seen alive.
I'm taking this to the super.
A taxi driver found him on
the street.
He pulled up and they pissed off.
And they don't know who done it?
No.
All they know is what yer man said.
They were Nigerians he thinks.
He said one of them was laying
into Tommy on the ground.
He was like a professional. The other
two were kicking him in the head.
Poor Siobhan.
I feel sick.
I know babe.  I'm the same.
Cops.  For fuck sake.
What is it this time?
It's nothing babe.
You'd think they'd be out chasing
them foreigners that done Tommy.
Stop it. let me go!
I'm going to fall!
Trish. say nothing.
They're fishing.  They're messing
with your head.
You fuckin' slag.  I know you.
I know you.  I know your family.
This is nothing to me.  Nothing.
I'll fuckin' break you. you bitch.
You filthy tramp!
Take it easy. will you.
I'm after breaking my leg. you prick.
Just keep moving.
This is bullshit.
I was in a Chinese all night Paddy's
night and he was there. I think.
I was that pissed I can't remember.
Maybe he came home with me. Maybe
he came home after. I don't know.
You haven't a rough idea what time
your husband might've come home at?
I don't know I told you.
I'd have to remember. wouldn't I.
Maybe he came home before me and
slept in the spare room.
He does that sometimes
when he's had a few.
This is bullshit.
Hiya Janet.
I must've nodded off.
Get your stuff and get the
fuck out now.
Janet. please.  No.  You know
that shit's not allowed in here.
But..  Go on. get out and get home.
Fuck off.
Please Janet. You know I have
no flat right now.
Exactly. I said you could stay
here and you betrayed me.
You had me for a moron.
No Janet. I don't.
I'm sorry..  No Debbie.
I'm sick of it.
You were warned before.
Please Janet. I'm going clean.
I am. I swear. I was having one
last hit before the programme.
You must think I'm stupid!
No Janet. I don't.
I swear. it's so you don't
have any so you can do it clearly.
You say that was the last one
and you remember what it was like.
I swear. that was it.
That was the last one.
Please Janet. I don't have
anywhere to go to.
No.  I'd lose my job.
You won't. I won't say anything.
No-one will know.  Give me 2 weeks
more and if I find a place then you
can kick me out.
No. cos you won't find a place.
I will.
I'll pay you. Just to show you
I'm serious. I'll pay you.
Cos you've been so good to me.
How much?
I'll take 20% off the top.
You say anything to the other girls.
you get your face cut.
Thanks Janet.
What could I have done. battered
someone with my crutch?
I haven't left the flat in weeks. A
few hours and you'll be out of here.
Do us a favour. will you?
I left me budgie outside. Will you
ring my moth and tell her to take
him inside?
Go on.
Alright Nidge.
Give it your best shot.
you fuckin' tramp.
How much longer is it going to be?
I'm not sure but it shouldn't
be too much longer.
That's bad news. man.
Bad news.
It's that little bitch.
Siobhan's mate.  I know it is.
The cops aren't going to
get nothing.
Unless young Siobhan cracks.
She won't.  She's strong.
If there's no body there's no crime.
Dano's not going to need proof
though. is he?
Grand.  Nice one.
Nidge and all his lot
have been arrested.
Find out where. will you?
Get down there.
They let Trish out.
What about the lads?
They're due out soon.  They said
nothing. They've nothing on them.
They're only acting the bollocks
at this stage.
What about Siobhan?
Not yet.
Hope they don't put pressure on poor
Siobhan now with her depression and
all that.
All sorts of tablets she was on.
I'm going to get in there
again now. I'll talk to her.
That's good Dave.  Cos she's
the one I'd be worried about.
These lying filth bags would be
messing with her head.
In to see her as soon as you can.
will you?
I'm seeing her now.
What the fuck are you doing?
It's a free country.
Come on.  Out the fuck.
I didn't do nothing wrong.
Come on. empty the pockets.
What's this?  Viagra?
Would you fuck off.
You've a lot of notes in here for
a fella that's not working.  So?
Don't let me see you lurking round
here again Paddy.
They must be desperate if you're
the calibre of what's in the ranks.
Scraping the bottom of the barrel.
Can I go now?
If they say nothing in 6 hours
what use is another 56 for you?
Did he say anything?
Not yet.
I can give it to you now
if you want.
Think it might be worth a shot.
Especially with the girl.
Go on.
Ah Jaysus lads. are yis mad
for the overtime?
I wanted to go home and watch
the match.
I just want to go over what we were
saying earlier just to establish..
Okay.
You said you were in your own bar
the night Christopher Loughman the
night he went missing.
Do I have that right?
Say whatever you want to say
but I didn't say anything.
Our information is that you were
there and there was a serious
incident that night.
Oh really?
They think she was raped in his bar.
What's that got to do with my da?
They have her in there asking
her now but they think something
happened after.
Something happened what?
Like it's a murder investigation.
They're making it up now.
Putting it out that my da had
something to do with a young one.
They got him when he was on his own
because he didn't take any bullshit
from them.
Think that's what happened?
I fuckin' know that's what happened.
Always knew he was a scumbag.
I always knew it.
I said it to my da.
Can't be associating with
those ones.
I should never have left him alone
with the lying greasy bastard.
Do you want me to get you a drink
next door Dano?
No.  Yous go to your thing.
I'll see you up there.
I have to let my ma know.
Where are you?
How's Siobhan's head?  She'll be
alright. They think she's the weak
link.
Think she's going to crack?
No.  She's calm enough.
They can't hold her much longer.
Give me a call as soon as you hear
about it. Yeah. no problem.
No matter what time it is.
I've the phone with me.
I'll call you Nidge.
Alright.
Here. give us your phone.
Where do you want to go. home?  No.
The safest place to be tonight
would be at home.
Cops will be all over the place.
Alright babe. what's the story?
I'm at home. Where are you?
Just let me out there now.
Where are you now?
I've to sort something out.
Did you say anything?
I did.  I told them they could
fuck off.
That's my honey. Love you.
Love you too. babe.
I don't need to worrying. do I?
Not at all. See you later.
Is everything fine?  Everything's
cool. I'll see you later.
Love you.
Alright.  Love you.
So where do you want to go?
I need to get my hole.
I'm serious.  I need to get rid
of the stress.
You're a gas man. Nidgy.
Will you do something for me?
Yeah.  What?
Will you head back to Siobhan's
in case she gets out?  Yeah.
Who has the kid?
Siobhan's ma has him.
Tell her not to say anything
to her ma.  No-one.
We need her to keep it together now.
Yeah.
You talk to her.  Check with Dave.
he'll let you know.
Is that alright with you?  Yeah.
She won't talk but as soon as you
talk to her. let me know.
How are you for money?  Not good.
I could do with a few bob.
Maybe the money you owe me.  That's
a grand. It's all I have on me.
You said you'd get me that money.
You said you wouldn't piss me around
I know but for fuck sake. where
have I been for the last 12 hours?
I haven't forgotten.
I'll call you later.
Pull in here. will you.
Prick.
Oh no.
Nadine.
They let you out?
Yeah. they let me out.
I'm on my way over now.
Weren't you asked to do one thing?
What?
I had a fella leave a message
on your phone for you.
What fella?  I didn't get
any message.
You're bullshitting me now Nadine.
You were asked to take my budgie in
from outside. That's all you were
asked to do. Now he's fucked.
Frozen in the bleedin' cold. he was.
You stupid. miserable bastard.
I didn't get no message.
No. Can you hear me now?
Yeah.
Don't bother coming over here.
Take yourself back to whatever
his name is.  Your husband.
What about my clothes?
They're burnt already.
I'll be on the news Ma.
Don't watch it.
Basically they're criminals.
Da would've stood up to them.
So they didn't like that. did they?
I can't believe it.  I was hoping..
I know Ma.
Listen to me.  We're going to
get him back.
We're going to give him a
decent send-off. Right?
A proper send-off.
These bastards are liars Ma.
Gougers. Scumbags.
What they're going to do is try
and blacken his name and put stuff
in those English rags of newspapers
and the others will pick up on it.
You go on home to your wife and
children. Daniel. No I'll stay here.
Georgina will be missing you.
Fuck her.
Sorry Ma but you know what I mean.
I'm staying here.
This is Tommy.
Leave a message.
Please let me go home to
my little boy.
I can't Siobhan.
I've done nothing wrong.
you know that.  I know that.
Then please let me go home.  I'm
tired. I'm the victim in all this.
How are you the victim Siobhan?
I did nothing wrong.
I've done nothing wrong!
I need you to tell me the name
of the man who raped you.
Why?
I'm the one who has suffered.
I'm the one who was violated.
Why are you punishing me?
What did I do?
We're not punishing you. Siobhan.
I want to go home.
Do you want a cup of tea?  NO!
Siobhan. this is a murder
investigation.
I know you've been hurt and I don't
want to add to your distress
but we believe a man was murdered.
Even if he was a bad man.
it's still a murder.
Can you tell me the name of the
man who raped you?
Siobhan.
No.  I can't.
Come back to you in a minute.
I'm not fuckin' Superman.
Is yer one still working here with
the red hair?  I didn't see her.
Who Debbie?  I haven't seen her.
Debbie's a fuckin' mess. No.
She's a little cracker Nidgy.
She's a lady.
I prefer the foreign ones.
Come here.
Will you ask Janet to see if Debbie
can sort this fella out.
There's no hurry. Later on will do.
Dave. They let Siobhan out.
It's sorted.
Magic.  Is she alright?
Yeah.
I won't talk to you on the mobile
but that's all good. yeah?
It's all good Nidge.  They've
nothing as far as I can see.
Right. nice one.
I'll talk to you later.
They let her out.
A long day.
Yeah.
I have to say Nidgy. you're holding
it together well there.
Yeah.  Sure what else can I do?
I know but how is it you're so calm?
You're like a Zen warrior there.
It's all bullshit. you know.
What is?
Everything.
I'm so fuckin' tired all the time.
I swear. if someone shot me now
I'd be happy.
Give me a rest.  I'm that tired.
You spend your whole life trying
to keep one step ahead of the pricks
and they catch up on you.
You can either go this way
or that way.
But you end up in the same place.
How's my two favourite men?
Howya darlin'.
I'm good. yeah.  Are yous
having fun tonight?
You know what this fella wants?
A massage and a blow-job.
Can you do that for him?
It's all bollocks and we're fucked.
That's the lesson Frano.
That's it.
Here. I'll drive you home.
Don't worry about it.
You stay here and get another tug.
Are you sure?  Yeah.
Siobhan.
Darren.
Are you alright?  Yeah.
Was it a bit rough?
Come on.
How much did you get anyway Ray?
20.000.
20.000 for getting fingered as
an altar boy.  Not too shabby.
I'm only joking you. I know what you
went through. fuckin' bastards.
How long were you waiting for it?
7 year.
Don't give it all to your ma.
She already wants to bring bleedin'
Kamal on holiday to Kusadasi.
She can get fucked if I'm
paying for a holiday in Turkey.
Are you on the beer tonight?
Yeah. why?
I was thinking about heading over
to yer man's gaff. seeing what's
the story.
Sure.  Grand.
Are we going to be safe?
Yeah. there's cops up the street.
I'm freezin'.
Here. that'll warm you up.
Are yous off Ma?
Come here to me. son.
You're a good boy.
Here. give's a drag of that.
Jaysus. whopper buzz off that.
Go home Ma.  Good night.
You know your boyfriend.
What are you talking about?
Listen. yer man you have
on your phone.  What?
Tell him..  Don't tell him but
let him know to get away.
Cos it's all going to kick off.
Better if he's not around.
Come on.
There's lights on.
Drive on.
It's creepy.
Why the fuck would she send me this?
It's his daughter sent it?  Yeah.
Maybe she only got round
to making it there now.
I don't get it.
She's probably sending it to all
her da's mates.
What are we even watching it for?
We need to get out of here.
Fuck that.  Come on. let's get
back to packing.
I don't understand.  It's him.
he done it. He killed my da.
What more do you need?
What do we need to wait for?
Can we not get him?
Of course we will Daniel.
We're not going to let pushers and
pimps and jumped up druggies like
that little prick do this.
But not yet. you hear me?
All this nonsense in the paper is no
good for us. We're not criminals.
My ma wants the body back
if we can get it.
We'll do that.
We'll get it out of him.
But I want you to wait.
Do you understand?
Thanks for staying with me
last night.
I was a wreck.
Tommy wouldn't mind this.
if you think he would.
No. I don't think that.
You have to live.
Will if you want to you can.
Tommy fucked around on me
all the time.
I know he did.
Siobhan.
Don't.  Let's leave it.
Why?
Alright.
Nidgeweasel.
Did you say Nidgeweasel?
Yeah.  It was a joke.
Nidge. it was a joke.
It's weird you say it today.
Why?
Nothing.  Tell you later. Going
to pick you up. Figure this out.
Where are you?
Some kip of a hotel.
See you in a bit.
Are we right?  Yeah.
Debbie.
Hi Mam.
Come here.
I got this for you.
It's for families coping with
family members with addictions.
Okay.
Come on. come inside.
Is Dad here?
No. he's gone to visit Granny
for the day.
How is she?  Is she okay?
She's fine.
Still the same.  Still totally
there in her mind.
That's good.
Come on.
Is Emma Jane here?
She's probably still in bed.
What's the face for now?
The cops are looking to talk
to me about the other thing.
Where am I?  In your car they have
the reg of and they stop all the
time.
Quit your whinging.
Should've played it cool when they
came looking for you last time
instead of skipping.
Easy for you to say.
There was no-one to see you.
There was no evidence.
All it was was Elmo if you'd
the bottle to go for it.
You panicked.
I didn't panic. You did.
Where are we going?
Fran's yard.
For fuck sake Nidge.
We have to meet somewhere.
You must want to move out there.
do you?
Well we can't meet in the bar.
The cops are all over it.
Fran's alright.  Oh yeah?
Have you told him about Linda yet?
Don't even joke about that.
No?  No.
Do you have the rest of that
money you owe me?
Don't worry. I've the money.
That's the important thing!
The smell in here.  It's like
something crawled up and died.
Ray. what can I take?  I'm taking
headache tablets but I can't keep
them down.
Ray.
What are you sleeping like that for?
Ray!
Ray?
Ray!  Ray!  Ray!
Don't raise your voice at me.
you prick.
I'll say whatever I've to say to get
you to listen. What are you saying?
I'm saying calm the fuck down and
put your rattle back in your pram.
Smart fuck.  Did she say to
them about the rape or not?
I'm saying she said they
knew about the rape already.
But did she deny it?
I don't know.
That's what I asked you to ask her.
That's what she was supposed
to say. the stupid bitch.
Watch your mouth Nidge.
I honestly don't know.
I spent all my time clearing
up a mess I didn't make.
Who made it?  Are you blaming
Siobhan?  No I'm not.
Now you're the one getting
all excited.
Tommy could've given him a dig and
not broke his neck. the dopey fuck.
That came out wrong.
We have got to get our shit
together now.
That's all I'm saying.
Am I right?  Fran?  Yeah.
Fuck yous.
He's good mates with Tommy.
That's why I let him away with it.
Getting a bit emotional alright.
He's losing it.
He hears things. you know that?
Voices?
Yeah. all that.
Don't know if he's genuine fucked in
the head or making it up for badness
but he's all full of lies.
Say he did this or some fella
did that and you're going what.
What's he saying?  Nothing.
It's like he's doing it cos.. His
sister won't even talk to him any
more.
I met her.  Fuckin' cracker.
She won't talk to him.
Be going to the funny farm. will he?
I was going to do this cos I think
hard core Buddhist detox would suit
me.
Suit my personality.
Where is it. Thailand?
Yeah. they have one.
It's like a normal monastery.
There's one in India run by
the same monks where it's only
for people who've problems
with drugs.
But the one in Thailand is both.
I don't know.  I'd have to
think about it Debs.
You still need to build a little
of the trust back with your dad.
Yeah. I know.  I'm not looking
for money now for it.
I wouldn't be ready for it.
It's so extreme.
I'm just saying down the road..
Well I'll have a think about it and
we can talk to Dad when he gets back.
okay sweetheart?
It's great to have you back.
Thanks Mam.
I'll go and get Emma Jane.
Think she'd a late one last night.
Debbie. she said she's too tired
and will you go up to her.
How are you?
I know I need to give you
a few days.  I know.
I don't even want to be saying this
to you Paddy but you're my pal.
Do all this. take a couple
of days and when you're ready
we'll his this lying. greasy monkey.
chop his bleedin' head off.
Did Tony not say to hold off?
Fuck him.
What does he know?
What are you drinking?
Nothing.
I'm not touching another
drop till I bury this fuck.
What are you doing here?
I heard about your brother.
Are you mad?
You're on the list. you know that?
Ray told me. cos of what happened
to Git.
Do you want a smoke?  No.
So what happened him?
Ray?  They don't know.
I thought it could be drink
cos he could put it away and
he liked the zimmos and that.
He was drunk but not out of it.
But they don't know.
They think it could be the
sudden adult death syndrome.
They don't know.
One minute he's here and
then I wake up and he's..
He's blue and he's frozen.
Like putting your hand in
the freezer.
So what are you going to do.
are you going to leave?
Yeah. I think so.
I don't know.
I'm really sorry about your brother.
Thanks.
I know what it's like.
That's him.
What happened to him?
He was shot.
This was on the night.
I better go back.  Yeah.
Seeya.
Here you go.
Good man.  Thank you.
Can they not take all of them?
The only ones that are any
use to them are the breeders Ma.
Can someone else not take the others?
The racers won't come to anybody
except for my da.
Here Donna.  How are you honey?
Do you want to get in?
Come on.  Get in and we'll go
for a spin.
Where are you running to?
Fuckin' tramp.
What are you screaming for?
Shouldn't be ratting to the
fuckin' cops.  I'm not!
What's that?  It's nothing.
It's a razor.
Leave me alone.  Please!
I'm not doing anything to you.
you bleedin' rat.
Are you going to say anything
more to the cops?  No.
Stop!  Please!
What am I doing?
Here's what you're going to do.
We'll get you a solicitor. You say
what you said to the cop was lies.
Do you hear me?
Cos the next time it'll be superglue
and birdshit that goes on your head.
Do you hear me rat?
I'll do your face as well.
Remember that.
Your hair will grow back.
Your face won't.
Subtitles:
Tracey Carr.
RTE 2012.
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org